How is that possible?
Groom, you are a master of Chinese medicine.
And doesn't traditional Chinese medicine say that there is no cancer?
The hospital said two days ago that he could live for two months
How could there be only one left?
I guess you're right.
Chinese medicine does not have cancer hemorrhoids
But I have eaten two catties of 70 because my body has been rejected.
There's nothing I can do.
How come?
How can you blow
brother-in-law
Please give him medicine
Maybe there's still hope
It's really not necessary
Tomorrow you go to the pharmacy to buy him some traditional Chinese medicine tea to drink
Just say I kicked them
Farewell
Brother Jie
Let's go but
He said he gave you medicine
Qin Lao said that as long as you take your medicine on time
Even if the disease doesn't get better
Will not continue to develop
Yaoyao
You're really good at lying
How could I lie?
I have a problem with my body.
The reason why Mr. Qin doesn't open a pharmacy here
If you don't want me to know
I also want to be completely hopeless
That's okay.
I'm mentally prepared
People always have to die
Is it a little early?
Don't say that
We will find a way
If you have a crush on me, you don't have to say it.
Yang Yang still
yang yang
I want to make a request to you both
You said if we could do it
I'll do it for you.
Exactly.
Soon I will be gone
still
You are pregnant
Yaoyao
You have an orphanage?
So I hope you both find your partner.
Can you do that?
What are you doing here?